Yugi type Abed come up here so I can
tell you your bedtime story
grandpa I'm like 17 years old I don't
like bedtime stories well you're a
midget and your voice doesn't sound like
you've hit puberty yet so you can still
be told bedtime stories but grandpa
you're a midget so be quiet and listen
to my story all right grandpa tell your
story I don't want to have to take you
to the hospital again
hooray for being old it's acceptable now
let us begin thousands of years ago when
I was a young man I went out at
expedition in the Valley of the Kings
let us enter the pyramid and find the
treasure yes this is an excellent idea
we should eat first
and then go into the pyramid
[Music]
alright slaves I mean guys let's get
going well nothing unusual in here dark
and dank room snakes with jewels in
their eyes and dead bodies wait
dead bodies bored kids allows dead
bodies in their shows but I can't have a
cigarette
bull grandpa why are you licking your
arm oh that's my nicotine patch I never
got over my addiction grandpa just get
back to the story all right mmm
hieroglyphics can you to read these No
well I can't either so Open Sesame
sweet this maze seems really easy how
did these people die before they even
started shut up
why did you do that his voice is very
annoying to me well I guess I'll go
first
whoa okay let's try this you put your
right foot in you put your right foot
out you put your right foot in and are
scre it I'm running how did you get over
here I just went around whoa this always
trippy more hieroglyphics
let's see double cheeseburger dollar
ninety-nine chocolate milkshake $0.99
large french fries 70 cents eight piece
chicken nuggets ninety-nine cents Big
Mac dollar ninety-nine wait you just
said stuff from a McDonald's menu yeah I
just wanted to feel smart look it's the
Pharaohs treasure ah my back yep that
was hell dad don't start in oh dear I'll
help you you will not harm him but I was
only trying to help
never fear the Pharaohs here where now
you woke I felt very
dirty and violated oh yeah the treasure
[Music]
yogi yogi I swear if you fell asleep
during my story ah that little son of a
bitch I hope your stuff gets stolen
tonight go back wait why would they come
back
[Music]
hello there me what young man well I
must say thank you for delivering this
back to me but unfortunately for you it
appears to be hunting season fire money
fire
well I guess it's time for my
introduction to the newest villain oh
never mind it's only Bakura